Misfortune comes from the mouth
His words got out
If I let my ancestors know that someone slandered me
This consequence is not my concept
Best Boots
This Miss Hu got it in one move
The whole person's aura has changed
Dad, if he is really the mistress
Let's not talk about our Qin family
Even the Zhao family and the Lei family did not dare to offend him
It's time to take good care of my sister
How can he be the first person in the Upper Realm of Jiangnan before?
Calm down, let alone grow the family business
Don't offend the Lord
I'm already thankful
It seems that their family affairs
Better to let it go later but accept it
Son um hahaha
Son look what this is
This jade seal is the legendary jade seal passed down to me
Hahahaha what is a joke
This is the Jade Seal
The so-called lost
It's just that in the eyes of the vast majority of people
They don't understand.
Can't reach our level
How do they know even if it's lost?
We can also find
Dad, give this to the Lord
Uncle's taboo
Even if it is exposed, it is not taboo
Besides, we are giving the master the card.
Even if the official knows
I also don't believe they can learn from the Lord of Kunlun
Take back the national jade seal
Dad is still you
I believe there is no second one in this world
Can you bless this thing?
Hey what
Someone is checking our company's accounts.